doc: Add CNI chaining documentation for Kube-OVN (#20215)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/cni-chaining-kube-ovn.rst

desired CNI chaining configuration:

.. code-block:: yaml

    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: cni-configuration
      namespace: kube-system
    data:
      cni-config: |-
        {
          "name": "generic-veth",
          "cniVersion": "0.3.1",
          "plugins": [
            {
              "type": "kube-ovn",
              "server_socket": "/run/openvswitch/kube-ovn-daemon.sock",
              "ipam": {
                  "type": "kube-ovn",
                  "server_socket": "/run/openvswitch/kube-ovn-daemon.sock"
              }
            },
            {
              "type": "portmap",
              "snat": true,
              "capabilities": {"portMappings": true}
            },
            {
              "type": "cilium-cni"
            }
          ]
        }

Deploy the :term:`ConfigMap`:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   kubectl apply -f chaining.yaml

Change Kube-OVN default install options
=======================================

To enable Cilium chaining mode and related functions, when install Kube-OVN the
overlapped security function should be disabled and the cni conf priority should

> be modified.

Reviewer: Would be nice to have a sentence describing why this changes are necessary

Author: add description why these options are needed

.. code-block:: shell-session

   ENABLE_NP=false CNI_CONFIG_PRIORITY=10 bash install.sh

Deploy Cilium with the portmap plugin enabled
=============================================

.. include:: k8s-install-download-release.rst

Deploy Cilium release via Helm:

.. parsed-literal::

    helm install cilium |CHART_RELEASE| \\
      --namespace=kube-system \\
      --set cni.chainingMode=generic-veth \\
      --set cni.customConf=true \\
      --set cni.configMap=cni-configuration \\
      --set tunnel=disabled \\
      --set enableIPv4Masquerade=false \\
      --set enableIdentityMark=false

.. note::

   The new CNI chaining configuration will *not* apply to any pod that is

>    already running the cluster. Existing pods will be reachable and Cilium will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   already running in the cluster. Existing pods will be reachable and Cilium will
```

.. include:: cni-chaining-limitations.rst

Create a CNI configuration
==========================

Create a ``chaining.yaml`` file based on the following template to specify the
desired CNI chaining configuration:

.. code-block:: yaml

    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      name: cni-configuration
      namespace: kube-system
    data:
      cni-config: |-
        {
          "name": "generic-veth",
          "cniVersion": "0.3.1",
          "plugins": [
            {
              "type": "kube-ovn",
              "server_socket": "/run/openvswitch/kube-ovn-daemon.sock",
              "ipam": {
                  "type": "kube-ovn",
                  "server_socket": "/run/openvswitch/kube-ovn-daemon.sock"
              }
            },
            {
              "type": "portmap",
              "snat": true,
              "capabilities": {"portMappings": true}
            },
            {
              "type": "cilium-cni"
            }
          ]
        }

Deploy the :term:`ConfigMap`:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   kubectl apply -f chaining.yaml

Change Kube-OVN default install options
=======================================

> The Kube-OVN default installation option will implement the networkpolicy by it self,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kube-OVN default installation option will implement the networkpolicy by itself,
```

Author: done
